Add allowedReportingOrigins to explainer. (#758)
WICG/turtledove: FLEDGE.md

 * `metadata`: Arbitrary metadata that can be used at bidding time.

>  * `allowedReportingOrigins`: A list of up to 10 destination origins allowed to receive registered macro values in reporting. All origins must be HTTPS and attested for Protected Audience API. Please see [the Privacy Sandbox enrollment attestation model](https://github.com/privacysandbox/attestation#the-privacy-sandbox-enrollment-attestation-model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `allowedReportingOrigins`: A list of up to 10 destination origins allowed to receive [registered macro values in reporting](https://github.com/WICG/turtledove/blob/main/Fenced_Frames_Ads_Reporting.md#registeradmacro). All origins must be HTTPS and [attested for Protected Audience API](https://github.com/privacysandbox/attestation#the-privacy-sandbox-enrollment-attestation-model).
```
